Please take a look at His Royal Highness
Here are the people on the list of imperial examinations
The top 10 on this list
average
It's the incompetent one who fired the official a few days ago
This champion turned out to be Qin Wei
They may not be your eyes, His Royal Highness
But they are all talents of Great Xia
Really?
Small cabinet
His Royal Highness
This is not
Zhuge Liang, one of the three great talents in the capital?
Why is he here?
Have a good time
Wish me well
Then you say it yourself
Tonight
You exchange the test papers of the poor children and the golden nobles
Manipulate rankings
For self-interest
To ignore the prawns
Words are unfounded
Do you have any evidence?
The evidence has long been retracted by you adulterers
Then there is no evidence.
The prime minister can also accuse you of false accusations
That being the case
Qin Wei treatment
I have the key.
I want to discuss it with you.
His Royal Highness
You summon Qin Wei
How does it show again?
Since Qin Wei is the champion of Xinke
Laughing and talking about justice and fairness
Presumably the behavior is brilliant
Why don't you go up and show it?
It's good to convince everyone.
I'm asking
I just have one question for you.
If you can answer it, I will admit your position as the champion
Make you a soldier general